imsm: Update VROC branding for new ownership (#266)
md-raid-utilities/mdadm: README.md

* Matrix Storage Manager Support (no reference, metadata format documentation is proprietary).

>   Known as **IMSM**. Metadata format developed and maintained by **Graid Technology Inc.** as a part of

Reviewer: It would be nice to not wipe the history:

```suggestion
Metadata format developed by**Intel®**. Currently, maintained by **Graid Technology Inc.** as a part of
```

Author: You’re right, good point.
